annot: boil water in a pot with salt and oil
ACTID: 0
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, food] water (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pot (-1)
[PP, food, with ] salt (-1), oil (-1)
annot: Cook the pasta in the water
ACTID: 1
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the pasta (-1)
[PP, food, in] the water (0)
annot: Fry the chicken in a pan
ACTID: 2
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: season the chicken with salt and pepper
ACTID: 3
PRED: season
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (2)
[PP, food, with] salt (-1), pepper (-1)
annot: cut the chicken into strips
ACTID: 4
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (3)
[PP, other, into] strips (-1)
annot: Add tomatos, olives, and chicken to the bowl of pasta
ACTID: 5
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] tomatos (-1), olives (-1), chicken (4)
[PP, food, to] the bowl of pasta (1)
annot: Add yogurt and cheese to a bowl
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] yogurt (-1), cheese (-1)
[PP, location, to] a bowl (-1)
annot: Add garlic powder, oregano, pepper, and parsley
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] garlic powder (-1), oregano (-1), pepper (-1), parsley (-1)
[PP, food, ] (6)
annot: Add oil and lemon juice
ACTID: 8
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] oil (-1), lemon juice (-1)
[PP, food, ] (7)
annot: mix together
ACTID: 9
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] (8)
annot: Pour the sauce over the salad
ACTID: 10
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] the sauce (9)
[PP, food, over] the salad (5)